**Meeting Template: (Example Title: Sprint 1 – Meeting)**

<img width="815" alt="Screenshot 2567-03-06 at 13 05 03" src="https://github.com/Roho7/comp4024/assets/158864988/b642aca9-0e55-48d5-875d-c32b963d2546">

**Pre-Meeting Review:**

Hemal Panchal [psyhp2@nottingham.ac.uk](mailto:psyhp2@nottingham.ac.uk)

1. What did you do from previous meeting?
   - Created a usecase diagram outling users and created a class diagram outling how the code should be layed out.
3. What are you working on moving forward from this meeting?
   - I would like to get more familiar with the code and help create a level.
5. Any challenges to your progress?
  - Unfortunatley my laptop broke therefore I did not get to work with the code also I was very time constraited this week.

Rohosen Bhattacharya [psxrb10@nottingham.ac.uk](mailto:psxrb10@nottingham.ac.uk)

1. What did you do from previous meeting?
  - Fixed level 1 assets and improved camera tracking and player fire logic. 
3. What are you working on moving forward from this meeting?
  - Develop the points and hearts logic.
4. Any challenges to your progress?
  - Need to figure out the organization of the codebase. 

Leo Meyler [psylm10@nottingham.ac.uk](mailto:psylm10@nottingham.ac.uk)

1. What did you do from previous meeting?
   - The automatic loading of playable levels into the main menu.
3. What are you working on moving forward from this meeting?
   - Begin helping the implementation of gameplay features.
5. Any challenges to your progress?
   - Need to add updated art to main menu, Need to decide on the best way to load questions dynamically.

Wei-Che Lin [alywl40@nottingham.ac.uk](mailto:alywl40@nottingham.ac.uk)

1. What did you do from previous meeting?
   - Created a Flowchart demonstrating the main gameplay loop. Creation of the burn down chart and other documentation.
3. What are you working on moving forward from this meeting?
   - Assisting level 2 design, and implementation.
5. Any challenges to your progress?
   - Needed assistance to start understanding the code.

Jingwen Xu [alyjx30@nottingham.ac.uk](mailto:alyjx30@nottingham.ac.uk)

1. What did you do from previous meeting?
   - I designed the game interface of level 2, including scene elements, items.
2. What are you working on moving forward from this meeting?
   - I modify my design of level 2.
3. Any challenges to your progress?
   - There were something really same as level 1, so I make some new creation.

Patwitra Kultanarueangnon [alypk2@nottingham.ac.uk](mailto:alypk2@nottingham.ac.uk)

1. What did you do from previous meeting?
  - I designed graphics for the menu screens, select level page, character animation.
2. What are you working on moving forward from this meeting?
  - I will continue to refine the interface design and update the Github content.
3. Any challenges to your progress?
  - I had some issues with time management.

**Meeting Notes:**

Three or four bullet points outlining what we talked about in the meeting so that people can reference it later on or someone who missed the meeting can look at to understand.

**Meeting Stats:**

Meeting Length - in hours and minutes

Attendance –

| Name     | Attended? |
| ---      | --- |
| Hemal    | Yes |
| Rohosen  | Yes |
| Leo      | Yes |
| Wei-Che  | Yes |
| Jingwen  | Yes |
| Patwitra | Yes |
