**Meeting Template: Week 2 - Monday Meeting**

**Meeting Notes:**

This meeting began with the sharing of the weeks work, including: 
- The initial code fot the first level and main menu.
- The Sprtie design for the game.
- The initial level design.
- The creation of the first set of question for the player.

We worked as a group to:
- Decide team roles.
- Come to a conclusion on an MVP.
- Begin thinking about goals for the next week.

We then discussed some issues that needed to be resolved:
- Best way of linking the menu scence to the different game scences.
- The best format for allowing the the art design to be added to the game.
- How to create a system allowing simple level design.

The meeting ended with a summary and some goals to be completed for the next lab:
- Completing MBTI test as an additional personality test.
- Recording each persons work in this file.
- A formal write up of our decided MVP.
- Review of the best way to do unit tests in unity.

**Meeting Stats:**

Meeting Length - approximatley 35 mins.

Attendance â€“

| Name     | Attended? |
| ---      | --- |
| Hemal    | Yes |
| Rohosen  | Yes |
| Leo      | Yes |
| Wei-Che  | Yes |
| Jingwen  | Yes |
| Patwitra | Yes |

**Personal Meeting Review:**

Hemal Panchal [psyhp2@nottingham.ac.uk](mailto:psyhp2@nottingham.ac.uk)

1. What did you do from previous meeting?
2. What are you working on moving forward from this meeting?
3. Any challenges to your progress?

Rohosen Bhattacharya [psxrb10@nottingham.ac.uk](mailto:psxrb10@nottingham.ac.uk)

1. What did you do from previous meeting?
2. What are you working on moving forward from this meeting?
3. Any challenges to your progress?

Leo Meyler [psylm10@nottingham.ac.uk](mailto:psylm10@nottingham.ac.uk)

1. What did you do from previous meeting?
- I have worked on a placeholder main menu design, that will allow art from the design team to be tested and implemented quickly.
3. What are you working on moving forward from this meeting?
- I will help finalise some documentation, as well as learn about unit testing in unity, and add functionality to the main menu.
4. Any challenges to your progress?
- There was an issue regarding file sturcture and linking to different scenes which has been resolved in this meeting.

Wei-Che Lin [alywl40@nottingham.ac.uk](mailto:alywl40@nottingham.ac.uk)

1. What did you do from previous meeting?
- I created 'Kanban board' and 'Product requirement document' content on Jira.
2. What are you working on moving forward from this meeting?
- I will help update the Github content to Jira to help with project management.
3. Any challenges to your progress?
- I was a little unfamiliar with how to update information to Github which has been resolved in this meeting.

Jingwen Xu [alyjx30@nottingham.ac.uk](mailto:alyjx30@nottingham.ac.uk)

1. What did you do from previous meeting?
2. What are you working on moving forward from this meeting?
3. Any challenges to your progress?

Patwitra Kultanarueangnon [alypk2@nottingham.ac.uk](mailto:alypk2@nottingham.ac.uk)

1. What did you do from previous meeting?
- I designed graphics for character design, level 1 components, and the menu screen.
2. What are you working on moving forward from this meeting?
- I added my data to GitHub and have been thinking about a checklist for additional UI design.
3. Any challenges to your progress?
- I faced a lack of understanding about the game design process in Unity, but this was resolved by asking more questions during the meeting.

